I know that man is capable of great deeds. But if he isn't capable of great emotion, well, he leaves me cold|Albert Camus, The Plague
The evil in the world comes almost always from ignorance, and goodwill can cause as much damage as ill-will if it is not enlightened|Albert Camus, The Plague
For who would dare to assert that eternal happiness can compensate for a single moment's human suffering|Albert Camus, The Plague
All I can say is that on this earth there are pestilences and there are victims. and as far as possible one must refuse to be on the side of the pestilence.|Albert Camus, The Plague
A pestilence isn't a thing made to man's measure; therefore we tell ourselves that pestilence is a mere bogy of the mind, a bad dream that will pass away. But it doesn't always pass away and, from one bad dream to another, it is men who pass away, and the humanists first of all, because they have taken no precautions|Albert Camus, The Plague
But when abstraction starts to kill you, you have to get to work on it|Albert Camus, The Plague
People are more often good than bad, though in fact that is not the question. But they are more or less ignorant and this is what one calls vice or virtue|Albert Camus, The Plague
There is nothing less spectacular than pestilence and, if only because they last so long, great misfortunes are monotonous|Albert Camus, The Plague
The dreadful days of the plague do not seem like vast flames, cruel and magnificent, but rather like an endless trampling that flattened everything in its path|Albert Camus, The Plague
Summum ius, summa iniuria (Supreme law, supreme injustice)|Cicero
A stroke of the brush does not guarantee art from the bristles.|Ambassador Kosh
The trouble with being infallible is that you have to deal with everyone else making mistakes.|Emperor Cartagia
We all believe in something... greater than ourselves, even if it's just the blind forces of chance.|G'Kar
We are all the sum of our tears. Too little and the ground is not fertile, and nothing can grow there. Too much, the best of us is washed away|G'Kar
I have seen what power does, and I have seen what power costs. The one is never equal to the other.|G'Kar
The avalanche has already started; it is too late for the pebbles to vote.|Ambassador Kosh
Sometimes doing the right thing doesn't change anything.|Commander Sinclair
If you do not know the present, how can you claim to know the future?|Lennier
My shoes are too tight. But it doesn't matter, because I have forgotten how to dance|Londo Mollari
It's only forever, it's not long at all|Jareth, Labyrinth
There can be no justice so long as laws are absolute. Even life itself is an exercise in exceptions.|Jean-Luc Picard
No being is so important that he can usurp the rights of another.|Jean-Luc Picard
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life.|Jean-Luc Picard
With the first link, the chain is forged. The first speech censured, the first thought forbidden, the first freedom denied, chains us all irrevocably.|Judge Aaron Satie
Villains who twirl their moustache are easy to spot. Those who clothe themselves in good deeds are well-camouflaged.|Jean-Luc Picard
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.|The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Douglas Adams
The chances of finding out what really is going on are so absurdly remote that the only thing to do is to say hang the sense of it and keep yourself occupied.|Slartibartfast, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
This above all: To thine own self be true|Polonius, Hamlet
If both sides are dead, no one will care which side deserved the blame|G'Kar's Father
For in life, as in death, I'd rather be burned than be living in debt| Sufjan Stevens, Vesuvius
And in my best behaviour, I am really just like him|Sufjan Stevens, John Wayne Gacy Jr
Go follow your gem, your white feathered friend. Icarus, point to the sun|Sufjan Stevens, John My Beloved
Laugh, and the world laughs with you; Weep, and you weep alone|Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Solitude
Sing, and the hills will answer; Sigh, it is lost on the air; The echoes bound to a joyful sound, But shrink from voicing care.|Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Solitude
Feast, and your halls are crowded; Fast, and the world goes by.|Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Solitude
Succeed and give, and it helps you live, But no man can help you die.|Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Solitude
That thing some men call failure, I call living. Breakfast! And I'm not leaving 'til I clean out the buffet|Pierce Hawthorne
Unless you're ready to say 'The End' and have that be it, do not allow Shrek to have children|Kyle Bosman
One cannot stop the wind from blowing, Nor refuse the falling rain|Last Blues for Bloody Knuckles, La Dispute
So build a home for your family, and build a castle for your friends. Now set their beds with sheets and blankets. Keep them safe until the end|The Castle Builders, La Dispute
No individual rain drop ever considers itself responsible for the flood|John Ruskin
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.|Stanisław Jerzy Lec
